cd /apps/prod/cid1p/jcl

setenv STEPSTART `date +%Y/%m/%d/%H/%M/%S`
echo $STEPSTART
perl $HOME/bin/run_time_start.pl CPSMONTHLY CIDMTHA

echo " cilgmdex running "
unikixjob cilgmdex -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cilgmdex aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CILGMDEX'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cilgmdex terminated successfully"


echo " cilgmderx running "
unikixjob cilgmderx -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cilgmderx aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CILGMDERX'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cilgmderx terminated successfully"


echo " cilgmgrx running "
unikixjob cilgmgrx -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cilgmgrx aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CILGMGRX'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cilgmgrx terminated successfully"

echo " cidcrx4 running "
unikixjob cidcrx4 -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidcrx4 aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CIDCRX4'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cidcrx4 terminated successfully"

echo " cilg548s running "
unikixjob cilg548s -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cilg548s aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CILG548S'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cilg548s terminated successfully"

echo " cidepx1 running "
unikixjob cidepx1 -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidepx1 aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CIDEPX1'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cidepx1 terminated successfully"

echo " cidepx3 running "
unikixjob cidepx3 -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidepx3 aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CIDEPX3'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cidepx3 terminated successfully"

echo " cidepx4 running "
unikixjob cidepx4 -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidepx4 aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CIDEPX4'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cidepx4 terminated successfully"

echo " ciddexa running "
unikixjob ciddexa -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "ciddexa aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CIDDEXA'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "ciddexa terminated successfully"

echo " ciddexb running "
unikixjob ciddexb -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "ciddexb aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CIDDEXB'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "ciddexb terminated successfully"

echo " cidenx1 running "
unikixjob cidenx1 -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidenx1 aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CIDENX1'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cidenx1 terminated successfully"

echo " cidepxa running "
unikixjob cidepxa -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cidepxa aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CIDEPXA'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cidepxa terminated successfully"

echo " cpsaxb1 running "
unikixjob cpsaxb1 -w -ca
if ($status != 0) then
    echo "cpsaxb1 aborted"
   "smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE ABORT' -ml 'CPSAXB1'"
    exit 1
endif
echo "cpsaxb1 terminated successfully"

"smtp -f slunikix -t pager.pema,cycle -s 'CYCLE UPDATE SUCCESS - CIDMTHA' -ml 'CIDMTHA COMPLETE'"

perl $HOME/bin/run_time_dura.pl $STEPSTART CPSMONTHLY CIDMTHA
